they didn't delegate full-moon
invocation so get comfortable and begin
to focus in on your breath and your
heart you always want to prepare for
these invocations if you're at home and
you've printed the copy from my blog wwm
the queen of light comm you will want to
kind of create some sacred space around
you now this could be even outside
seeing the full moon and/or create some
really beautiful space maybe some silver
candle something that represents the
Moon to you and just center yourself
first you always want to do that
when you're wanting to create sacred
space and also when you're invoking deep
within you the light of your soul so
breathing relaxing taking a few deep
breaths centering on your heart you
really want to move into your feeling
nature so focusing on your heart and
breathing for a few more breaths Fullman
invocation Oh sacred full moon I feel
you deeply in the pulse of my own heart
my body trembles in love pause in a
breeze your heart even more deeply now
awaken within me the eternal gentle
embracing that you gift the earth in the
sacred magic of you pause and embrace
that deeply the feeling of the sacred
magic of the moon and you feel this deep
within you really focus on your heart of
feel the sacredness of this now
goddess moon I love you feel me
completely with your sacred silver light
and clicking within me all that I am
pause and feel deeply your presence and
silver light
I draw you now into all areas of my life
I breathe you into my soul with ecstasy
in and out as one pause and embrace your
breath feel the sacredness of the in and
out breath now
I celebrate you in holy ritual like the
ancients long ago not forgotten but held
dearly pause focusing on your breath
feel the sacredness of ancient merchants
of love from long ago now
passion fills me my tears are the bliss
of your beautiful full moon let me taste
you feel you live you pause and feel
yourself one with this full moon
they've my soul and body in the eternal
ocean of light and in clear seeing and
knowing all things hidden on and unseen
full moon pause and feel the eternal
ocean of light right now slow your
breathing down and embrace this the
sacred full moon I embrace the full
embodiment of my divine soul now pause
and feel the light of your soul deeply
into this and deeply into your heart
slow in your breathing down feel the
love permeate all of your being I now
embrace the ancient holy mysteries and
the sacredness of mystical union that I
am now and forever in and through divine
eternal love
pause breathe slowly and deeply feel
your breath and the breath of mystical
union flooding your being now
I hold you in this sacred mystical union
and in the sacredness of all beautiful
flames this is the plating delegate
queen of light I love you